Doctors say that herpes escapes such a fate by attaching itself to a cell , penetrating its outer membrane and hiding therein .
After an initial survey by the Atomic Energy Commission in 1969 , Bikini was declared safe .
A government leader said : “ Each person who has been exposed asks himself , ‘ Will I be well tomorrow ?
It covers 110,000 cubic yards ( 84,000 cu m ) of some of the most dangerous waste in the world .
Today fishing nets are sometimes seen drying there . ​ — Encyclopædia Britannica , 1959 , Vol . 22 , p .
The CDC informed Awake !
A Cure for Herpes ?
[ Pictures on page 15 ]
The first - century historian Flavius Josephus recorded the fulfillment in his Antiquities of the Jews .
By 1534 he had completed translating the “ Old Testament , ” now making , for the first time , his entire Bible available in German .
The “ inappropriate use of antibiotics ” has been blamed for this disturbing development .
Yet there is absolutely no mention of any immortal soul , hellfire or purgatory in the Genesis account .
At its end it bites just like a serpent , and it secretes poison just like a viper .
At Galatians 6 : 7 , 8 the Bible says : “ Do not be misled : God is not one to be mocked .
Fear that AIDS may be contracted by sharing needles even caused a temporary panic among blood donors .
[ It was ] a three - or four - strand barbed - wire fence . ”
About 3,000 years ago the same “ commonsense view ” was given by a king who wrote : “ For the living are conscious that they will die ; but as for the dead , they are conscious of nothing at all , neither do they anymore have wages , because the remembrance of them has been forgotten .
To understand this unexpected development , we must briefly review how Luther brought about disunity in the first place .
The inhabitants of Jerusalem who murdered him would see their own city surrounded by encamped armies .
It has been exposed as a fruitless , unproductive and dangerous way of life .
Man’s procreative powers were designed for a sacred purpose : to populate the earth with righteous children .
Sunday , December 11 , 1983 , was another first .
“ Indeed , as the reformer who fractured Christianity , Luther has latterly become a key to reuniting it . ” ​ — Time .
High - level winds bore the deadly radioactive ash 80 miles ( 130 km ) , to shower down like snow on 23 Japanese fishermen in a boat called Lucky Dragon .
Less than two months after arriving , the Bikinians asked to return home .
Refusing to Go Away
There , in the Cave of Elephanta , a cross can be seen over the head of a figure engaged in massacring infants .
There are scores of prophecies regarding the birth , life and death of Jesus Christ .
Step one : The herpes virus attaches itself to the cell and penetrates its outer membrane .
And since medieval religion was falling apart , secularization would have marched on , unimpeded . ”
In considering the chart , you will notice that the predictions made are specific .
To the first man , Adam .
If God’s original purpose was for perfect , obedient humankind to live forever on a paradise earth , what purpose would there be in endowing man with a separate and immortal soul ?
In 1983 alone , Jehovah’s Witnesses spent approximately 436 million hours preaching the “ good news ” worldwide .
Likewise , in other parts of the world , the cross has been revered from ancient times and credited with mystic powers .
Who has contentions ?
Maybe you are wondering if these experiences are proof of life after death , as some of these patients have assumed .
Bikinians were told : “ There’s virtually no radiation left , and we can find no discernible effect on either plant or animal life . ”
Many of the 250 Marshallese exposed to the 1954 “ Bravo ” blast have thyroid tumors .
Our inner , true self , the ‘ butterfly , ’ is immortal and indestructible and is freed at the moment we call death . ”
Fear of contracting an STD is no more likely in the long run to promote chastity than fear of nuclear bombs , peace .
Alexander the Great inflicted a crushing defeat on the Persian Empire , thus establishing the Grecian Empire . ​ — The Outline of History , by H .
It is true that the Gospel of John was written “ around the turn of the second century , ” about 98 C.E . , but this is not so respecting the other three Gospels .
730 years later , in 2 B.C.E .
Certainly the Bible leaves no room for considering near - death experiences as a prelude to life after death .
It is possible that not all reported cases really involve the same syndrome , since AIDS spans quite a wide selection of symptoms . On the other hand , AIDS may be grossly under reported , since many victims may fear the stigma attached to AIDS .
Is There Reason to Doubt ?
In the Meantime . . .
Years of economic , social and even political strife led people to question long - held values .
What Does the Bible Show ?
This , however , is still far short of having a cure for the malady .
“ Unfortunately , ” says Dr .
The DDR paperback entitled Martin Luther und seine Zeit ( Martin Luther and His Times ) speaks of him as “ one of the great personalities of global reputation ” who made a lasting impression upon Germany and Europe .
He would be born of a virgin .
What about the Bible’s numerous predictions ?
ON MONDAY , July 1 , 1946 , the sparkling calm lagoon of a little - known atoll in the Marshall Islands , about 2,000 miles ( 3,200 km ) southwest of Hawaii , was shattered by a blinding explosion .
A Jewish man and woman identified the light as an ‘ angel . ’ ”
Meanwhile , the Bikinians sadly prepared to leave their home , embarking on a long odyssey that , for many of them , has not yet ended .
33 years later , in 66 C.E .
As for death , psychologist Siegel gives his opinion : “ Death , in terms of its physical sequels , is no mystery .
But the situation on Rongerik continued to deteriorate .
So one seeking to worship God would want to be very careful to avoid putting worshipful or superstitious trust in idols of “ silver and gold , the work of the hands of earthling man . ” ​ — Psalm 115 : 4 , 8 , 11 .
More than a hundred miles ( 160 km ) away , on the inhabited atolls of Rongerik and Rongelap ​ — whose inhabitants had been so kind to the exiled Bikinians — ​ the gritty , radioactive ash fell to a depth of two inches ( 5 cm ) .
Antichurch and antireligious sentiments are growing .
He also found fault with what he considered to be ecclesiastical evils and distortions .
Thus far , over 4,000 cases * have been reported in the United States alone .
Content of Prophecy
Or Is It in You ? DO YOU think you have an immortal soul that survives when you die ?
When God said , “ For dust you are and to dust you will return , ” to whom was he speaking ?
Psychologist Siegel quotes one lecturer on the paranormal , or supernatural , as saying that “ if we are to examine the evidence for an afterlife honestly and dispassionately we must free ourselves from the tyranny of common sense . ”
One doctor estimated that “ 20,000 to 50,000 new cases of genital herpes are diagnosed in Canada each year . ”
Psychologist Ronald Siegel sees them in a different light .
In his book The Agony of Christianity , Spanish writer Miguel de Unamuno struggled with this same conflict .
To the contrary : cultural events , discussions and literature , as far as we can determine , have brought forth ecumenical fruitage . ” ​ — Nürnberger Nachrichten .
It is rampant in the United States , Canada , Europe and Japan .
If so , his sailors may have brought back more from the New World than gold trinkets and tall tales .
“ The soul of man is immortal and imperishable . ” ​ — Plato , Greek philosopher , c . 428 - 348 B.C.E .
The empire would not pass on to his offspring ; instead it would be broken into four parts .
Several months later , they voted in favor of moving to Kili .
Or because it has always been taught that way by most religions and by popular hearsay ?
This destruction was foretold to occur at a time period of human history that could not begin before 1914 , certainly not back in Luther’s day .
[ Diagrams on page 7 ]
For example , Catholic theologian Hans Küng writes : “ When Paul speaks of resurrection , what he means is simply not the Greek idea of the immortality of a soul that has to be freed from the prison of the mortal body . . . .
[ Chart on page 4 ]
The coconuts were of poor quality .
He can accurately foretell the outcome for people who obey his righteous commands and for those who try to ignore them .
The Bible shows that hypocritical and false religion will be the first to come to its end ​ — this by the hand of earth’s political powers at God’s appointed time .
“ THAT was the most beautiful instant in the whole world when I came out of that body ! . . .
[ Blurb on page 6 ]
Because of the revelations of hundreds of patients who have had what are called “ near - death ” and “ out - of - body ” experiences .
The solitary well supplied only brackish water .
AIDS victims appear to have a staggering mortality rate .
He even went on to say : “ The immortality of the soul . . . is a pagan philosophical dogma . . . .
There it lies dormant until something ( such as stress ) triggers a reactivation of the virus .
The symptoms of chlamydia are enough of a look - alike to gonorrhea to fool even doctors .
The East Berlin Neue Berliner Illustrierte , for example , claims that “ Luther’s translation of the Bible revolutionized Europe’s intellectual life , shaped generations and determined their deliberations and decisions . ”
Nor is it “ minor - league ” to babies , often stricken with pneumonia or even blindness , who are born to infected mothers . Syphilis and gonorrhea have thus lost some of their prominence among STD’s .
Said The Journal of the American Medical Association : “ The most severe of these complications is pelvic inflammatory disease ( PID ) . . .
Certainly these near - death experiences raise questions that demand an answer .
The inhabitants would be killed and the temple would be razed .
At that point , I came down closer to see what was going to happen . ” ​ — A 42 - year - old Missouri woman describing her own operation as she “ saw ” it .
193 years later
According to press reports , George Lindbeck , cochairman of an international Lutheran - Catholic commission , believes that without Luther and his Reformation “ religion would have been much less important during the next 400 to 500 years .
The Age similarly reported that the increase of chlamydial infections poses an “ insidious danger ” to Australians .
The Judean kingdom would be desolated , its treasures and its subjects taken to Babylon .
But have these people really had a glimpse of an afterlife ?
For example , do those NDE patients who see a “ being of light ” see the same person regardless of whether they are Christian , Jewish , Hindu or Muslim ?
This is a fascinating supposition , because it means that the same Luther who served to perpetuate organized religion back there by being a force for disunity is today being seized upon as a force for unity .
This is truly “ for the good of mankind and to end all world wars . ”
But what word did the original Bible writers use ?
Gay bars and bathhouses reported a lull in business due to people’s fear of contracting AIDS .
Even the Koran of the Muslims acknowledges this in sura III , verses 40 - 48 .
Variety and Origin
And many species of fish that were edible on Bikini were poisonous on Rongerik .
Proverbs 23 : 29 - 34 points to some of the reasons why this position is a sound one :
Because Adam , with all his faculties , was a soul .
This was a single island only one third of a square mile ( . 86 sq km ) in area . But it had one thing to recommend it ​ — it was uninhabited .
And what about the Lutheran Church ?
So whether AIDS , herpes or their other lethal companions will continue their epidemic growth or sneak off into oblivion is irrelevant .
In Central and West Africa UN - sponsored programs to eradicate syphilis and other related diseases seemed so effective that officials even relaxed their surveillance activities .
The lagoon was rocked by several - hundred - miles - per - hour winds .
The cleanup and rehabilitation phases cost $ 218 million .
Meantime , a 40 - islet atoll named Eniwetok , also in the Marshalls , was eyed for additional nuclear weapons tests .
Will all these marvelous prophecies really come true ?
On any but an uninhabited atoll , they would be the equivalent of poor relatives , dependent on the goodwill of the natives .
But there is a second possibility to be taken into account that may explain some of these experiences .
With its history of opposition to Bible translations in the vernacular , the Catholic hierarchy did not greet this with pleasure .
Lurking in their bodies may have been the seeds of a plague .
He referred to the disease that has captured world attention : AIDS ( Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ) .
The Luther Year helped make Luther a symbol of political unity for all Germany
STD’s can be contracted in ways other than through sexual contact and , hence , are not always evidence of promiscuity .
The physician must be especially wary of accepting religious belief as scientific data . ”
Thus , most of those who are Christians . . . identify the light as Christ . . .
The Deadly Diseases
It was sort of a funny feeling because I was up there and this body was below . . . .
These are the official and correct names for what many refer to as West Germany and East Germany .
Interestingly , museums the world over are full of Bible manuscripts containing prophecies written hundreds of years before their fulfillment .
As a consequence , Platonic philosophy was even accepted by second - century Christian writers .
Another factor to bear in mind is that a basic sense of justice requires that man should have known the true extent of his possible punishment before he disobeyed .
* But since roughly 70 percent of the AIDS victims were homosexuals , it is strongly suspected that the disease is in most cases sexually transmitted .
The newer systems , moreover , will have some problem - solving abilities not found in the older versions .
Even as a young man he began questioning various Catholic teachings .
Many , however , find little fulfillment in casual sex .
They are the same for most people because our brains are all wired similarly to store information , and these experiences are basically electrical read - outs of this wiring . ”
Felman , “ many physicians still think of chlamydia as a minor - league disease . ”
A papal bull threatened Luther with excommunication .
These are then interpreted by some patients and investigators to be glimpses of life after death .
“ The anniversary year has not torn open a new gap between Lutherans and Catholics .
The Gospel accounts clearly describe that Jesus was put to death with two criminals and later buried in a rich man’s tomb . ​ — Isaiah 53 : 9 ; Luke 23 : 32 ; John 19 : 38 - 42 .
It says : “ Because of the outstanding significance for German and world history and because the majority of places where Martin Luther worked are located within the territory of the German Democratic Republic , the DDR has a special obligation to cultivate Luther’s inheritance and to honor Martin Luther on the occasion of his 500th birthday . ”
It is obvious that these images were based on his life in Texas and recalled from his own brain data bank ​ — unless we are being asked to believe that there is barbed wire “ on the other side ” !
Said one victim : “ It’s very difficult to describe the feelings of anger , guilt , and loss of control that you have when you have herpes .
● Morticians have been reluctant to embalm the bodies of AIDS victims .
195 years later , from 537 B.C.E .
Paul speaks of ‘ putting on immortality . ’
‘ But , ’ you say , ‘ my Bible actually states that Jesus died on a cross . ’
Such precautions include wearing gloves while handling blood specimens from AIDS patients , disposing of needles used on AIDS patients and wearing surgical gowns .
But the longtime dream turned into a nightmare .
According to one report , it will be completely off limits “ forever . ”
Did that death sentence apply only to Adam’s body ? Or to Adam as a breathing soul ?
But their problems were not over .
And now , in a letter to Cardinal Jan Willebrands of the Netherlands , even the Catholic pope has added his voice , speaking of Luther’s “ deep religiousness . ”
Near - Death Experiences ​ — How Explained ?
According to Plato , where did these souls go when the body died ?
He did not possess a soul .
( See box . )
Common Sense and the Bible
Bible prophecy promises it , in a governmental as well as in a religious way .
The purpose of the show ? To allay fears about AIDS .
Thus even God - fearing , right - living people at times find themselves the victims of devastating illness .
When the testing was over , there had been 23 nuclear blasts at Bikini and 43 at Eniwetok , ranging from 18 kilotons to 15 megatons !
For whatever a man is sowing , this he will also reap ; because he who is sowing with a view to his flesh will reap corruption from his flesh . ”
But why do they believe it ?
The Soul ​ — Is It You ? Or Is It in You ?
One thing is clear , however : Toward the end of the 15th century ( shortly after Columbus ’ return ) , a plague appeared suddenly in Europe and spread like a prairie fire .
This and other conciliatory commentary about Luther made in the pope’s letter caused Rome newspapers to hail it as a “ historical turning point in the relationship between Catholics and Protestants . ”
What these involve will be considered in the following article .
Celtic cross
But while such an “ ounce of prevention ” may help millions , what about those already afflicted ?
If such places as a fiery hell and purgatory existed , this is the one point in the Bible when they should have been mentioned .
The New Bible Dictionary says : “ The Gk . word for ‘ cross ’ ( staurós , verb stauróo ) means primarily an upright stake or beam , and secondarily a stake used as an instrument for punishment and execution . ”
SOME say that Christopher Columbus is to blame .
All of this , including “ the end , ” would come within one generation .
But when this which is corruptible puts on incorruption and this which is mortal puts on immortality , then the saying will take place that is written : ‘ Death is swallowed up forever . ’ ”
FOR thousands of years man has believed that he has inborn immortality .
The Persistent Plague ​ — The Sexual Revolution’s Dark Side
In fact , “ Luther has become a symbol of unity of all Germany , ” he said .
900 years later
The debris was later gathered , buried in the bomb crater and capped with a 370 - foot - wide ( 113 - m ) and 19 - inch - thick ( 48 - cm ) concrete cap .
At a strictly scientific level , Dr .
[ Box on page 9 ]
Computers are simply left behind by the capabilities of the human mind .
Not so , however , the 500th anniversary of the birth of one of his proclaimed followers , Martin Luther .
So while the public’s reaction may to some extent be an overreaction , fear of AIDS is not unfounded .
The very generation to which Jesus preached would be called to account for shedding the blood of God’s prophets .
After wars among his generals , the empire was finally divided between Seleucus , Ptolemy , Lysimachus and Cassander . ​ — Ibid . , pp .
* Homosexuals thus find themselves victims not only of hostility but of a life - style fraught with peril .
Some parts of the Temple were still burning . . .
Safely inside , it swiftly commandeers control of the cell’s “ brain , ” turning the cell into a veritable herpes factory !
Altogether I lost four babies . My son Winton was born just one year after the bomb , and he has had two operations on his throat for thyroid cancer . ”
The Median power came first , but the Persian power that followed surpassed it in strength . ​ — Encyclopædia Britannica , 1959 , Vol . 15 , p . 172 and Vol . 17 , p .
For example , a 63 - year - old man who had spent much of his life in Texas related his “ vision ” as follows : “ I was suspended over a fence . . . .
The brain’s ability to search for information through its millions of neurons simultaneously looks positively uncanny . ”
Because the simple judgment for disobedience was just the opposite of the life Adam enjoyed in Paradise ​ — namely , death , not life somewhere else .
There is no valid reason for doubt .
Why doesn’t the body’s immune system simply crush the irritating herpes virus ?
A number of factors that came together during the 1960 ’ s .
First this Messianic King would be humiliated and put to death by his own nation , in spite of his curing them of sicknesses .
In his book Recollections of Death , Dr .
In his book Death Shall Have No Dominion , Douglas T .
“ We are all Luther’s heirs . ” But if Luther was being seized upon as a symbol of political unity , what about the religious disunity that he had helped bring about ?
And since homosexuals with multiple partners are at the greatest risk , some even made drastic changes in their life - style .
Babylon , which was yet to become the capital of a glorious world empire , would eventually become desolate , never to be reinhabited .
A sign that the end of the present system is near ​ — great warfare , widespread food shortages , earthquakes , the worldwide preaching of the good news of God’s incoming world government .
And when he becomes ill he asks himself , ‘ Is this an ordinary illness , or has the ghost of the bomb come to claim me now ​ — even years after ? ’ ”
The German Lutheran Catechism for Grown - Ups ( Evangelischer Erwachsenenkatechismus ) states regarding the body - soul split taught by Plato : “ Evangelical theologians of modern times challenge this combination of Greek and Biblical concepts . . . .
In this respect Dr .
The poet Longfellow wrote : “ Dust thou art , to dust returnest , was not spoken of the soul . ”
For Roman Catholics the Reformer has been upgraded from an accursed heretic to a father in belief . ”
“ The appalling discovery was made that young doctors and medical students knew practically nothing about [ STD ] ”
Do you have an imperishable soul that will survive your death ?
( This prophecy was given in the time of the mighty Assyrian Empire , when Babylon was merely a vassal state . )
What gives humans this advantage ?
However , Luther was maneuvered by events into an ever stronger position of opposition .
Yet syphilis , along with an array of other devastating illnesses , has become as entrenched in 20th - century life as air pollution .
Step three : The cell wall ruptures , releasing tens of thousands of viruses .
It is an amazing thing that although the original scroll in the museum is more than 2,000 years old how close it is to the Bible we read today either in Hebrew or in the translations which were made from the original Hebrew into English or other languages . ”
Observes the Cyclopædia of Biblical , Theological , and Ecclesiastical Literature : “ The sign of the cross is found as a holy symbol among several ancient nations , who may accordingly be named . . . devotees of the cross . . . .
Medical science says it is a tiny particle , a virus , that is but one member of a large herpes “ family . ”
Well , one of the oldest of these Dead Sea Scrolls is the Isaiah manuscript ( MS .
Nevertheless , with financial help they set to work replanting coconut trees and other crops , and constructing houses .
Of course , those who practice spiritism and communication with the “ dead ” are only too pleased to have the apparent support of hundreds of near - death experiences .
A radioactive mushroom cloud soared six miles ( 10 km ) into the sky , and Bikini gained instant fame as the site of the first peacetime nuclear bomb test .
“ I was convinced that soon the sexual relationships of men and women would be more honest , more fulfilling and more pleasurable . ”
Kili is surrounded by a narrow rock shelf that drops steeply into deep water .
Second - century physician Galen coined the name for the age - old partner of syphilis ​ — gonorrhea .
Since man as a whole is a sinner , therefore at death he dies completely with body and soul ( full death ) . . . .
Eventually , as the exalted ruler of God’s choice , he would call to account all human rulers , much to their amazement , and bring permanent peace to the earth .
Even modern theologians are coming around to recognize this point , after centuries of Christendom’s immortal - soul teaching .
One who ‘ sins against his body , ’ though , may also ‘ reap what he has sown ’ in a physical and emotional sense .
For one thing , the most advanced computer microcircuitry is rudimentary compared to the interconnections of an estimated 100 billion ( 100,000,000,000 ) neurons ​ — nerve cells — ​ that are found in a normal human brain .
AIDS and Blood
The 167 islanders were loath to leave , but they consented when they were told that the tests were “ for the good of mankind and to end all world wars . ”
From 80,000 to 120,000 new viruses are created within three to five hours .
Either way the damage to the “ new morality’s ” gleaming facade has been irrevocably done .
Ring admits : “ I remind my audiences that what I have studied are near - death experiences , not after - death experiences . . . .
“ These experiences are common to a wide variety of arousal in the human brain , including LSD , sensory deprivation and extreme stress .
While protected by friends he found time to finish his translation of the “ New Testament . ”
The STD plague has therefore done more than cause a few people physical discomfort .
Little wonder that medical science is thus far stumped .
Then he adds : “ My own understanding of these near - death experiences leads me to regard them as ‘ teachings . ’
For example , in tests carried out by physician and professor of medicine Dr .
Why ?
[ Picture on page 16 ]
It was hung on the walls of homes and around the necks of millions of people .
Fear is being expressed that the nation may be heading into a time of ‘ sexual anarchy . ’ ”
During these “ last days ” there would be a sharp increase in immorality , pleasure - seeking , crime , family breakdown and juvenile delinquency .
A blinding flash of light followed by a fireball of tens of millions of degrees of heat shot upward at a rate of 300 miles ( 483 km ) an hour .
He will restore them to life .
Herpes and AIDS in the Spotlight
The sores work their torment for two to six weeks before healing .
Regarding this , The Great Soviet Encyclopedia , which promotes atheism , says : “ On the basis of a number of allusions in the Gospels to the Jewish uprising of A.D . 66 - 70 , it is apparent that they could not have been written before A.D . 70 .
By “ Awake ! ”
The WHO ( World Health Organization ) reports that penicillin - resistant strains of gonorrhea have “ spread to almost all areas of the world . ”
But a new term that focuses on transmission of disease , rather than on acquisition , has come into vogue : STD , or “ sexually transmitted disease . ”
The drug acyclovir , for example , has been approved for use in the United States and appears to speed the healing of herpes sores .
The one most used by churches today is the Latin cross , since it is believed to be the shape of the executional instrument on which Jesus Christ died an agonizing death .
For example , Did these people really have a “ glimpse of another realm of existence ” that follows death ?
Although the Federal Republic of Germany and the German Democratic Republic are disunited politically , the Luther Year celebrations served to remind them of their common heritage and the contributions that Luther had made to it .
Not surprisingly , the anguished nations took turns pinning the blame on one another .
Soon , at Armageddon , he will destroy the world’s entire system of political rulership .
Nevertheless , one often can improve one’s lot in life ​ — including one’s health — ​ by adhering to godly standards .
To the contrary , he now has doctors , psychologists and scientists fully supporting the lie that he has promulgated through priests and philosophers down through the ages !
Points 14 - 17 on the accompanying chart direct attention to evidence that we are living in what the Bible terms “ the last days . ”
Certainly every Catholic and Lutheran owes it to himself to find out just how his church is measuring up in this regard .
Yet the syndrome starts off innocently enough with flulike symptoms , fatigue and weight loss .
Indeed , the price is just too high .
According to one theory , the brain’s retrieval system is based on a network of connections and “ this rich network of connections in human memory is one of the most profound differences between humans and machines .
A Change of Heart
Three to seven days after exposure to herpes , the infected one notices a burning or tingling sensation in the genital area ​ — the herald of painful , fluid - filled blisters .
Its victims thus succumb to rare forms of cancer and pneumonia .
The Bible says : “ Hope deferred makes the heart sick . ”
See also the eyewitness account of Flavius Josephus in Wars of the Jews .
So when some hemophiliacs contracted AIDS , blood immediately became suspect .
Your own eyes will see strange things , and your own heart will speak perverse things .
But why do so many claim relief by means of these “ cures ” ?
It costs far more in money and effort than the human race can afford , and even in peacetime it claims victims , including innocent bystanders living far , far away from the powerful countries that compete with one another for nuclear superiority .
They speak of seeing a bright light or of being in a region of great scenic beauty , and in some cases of seeing Jesus or God .
Thus God told that living soul , or breathing creature , Adam , that if disobedient , he would positively die and return to the elements of the earth from which he had been formed . ​ — Genesis 2 : 17 ; 3 : 19 .
At the same time , the cross became the official symbol of the church ​ — it gradually adorned religious buildings , was erected on hilltops and mountains , at crossroads and in public squares .
Is it not true that human predictions often fail because of unforeseen occurrences or because of things that people desperately hope will not happen and so refuse to include in their calculations ?
All 250 have thyroid abnormalities .
No wonder , then , that even some die - hard advocates of ‘ free love ’ are running scared !
This mighty king of Greece would be broken at the zenith of his power .
The philosophy that suited them best was Platonism . ”
Among the Muyscas at Cumana the cross . . . was believed to be endued with power to drive away evil spirits ; consequently new - born children were placed under the sign . ”
Once inside its new victim , T . pallidum heads for the bloodstream and lymphatic system and , if unchecked , eventually infects the entire body .
From that time on , the Roman Church became the official religion of the empire and grew rapidly in prestige , popularity and power .
Many would ridicule all the evidence that “ the last days ” of the present system had arrived .
Awakened , it travels the nerve pathways back to the skin and begins the misery cycle all over again .
Many of these near - death patients had what have been called out - of - body experiences .
“ Fear is spreading much faster than the disease , ” said Discover magazine .
The symbol of the cross appears to have been most various in its significations .
Unrealistically high expectations merely produce new anxieties and frustrations .
Both Catholicism and Protestantism are facing a crisis .
760 years later , from 29 - 33 C.E .
Many people , including some doctors , believe so .
With its roots in ancient pagandom , and the evidence that Christ was not impaled on the traditional cross , nor did the early Christians use such a symbol , one is led to this conclusion : The cross is not really Christian .
“ Such are hurled into Tartarus [ to the ancient Greeks , a section of Hades reserved for punishment of the worst offenders ] , which is their suitable destiny , and they will never come out . ”
“ Fornication ” covers an array of sexual sins , including premarital sex and homosexuality . Note that it is a sin against one’s own body .
Learn more about today’s real force for unity ​ — God’s Kingdom .
Says writer Louis Lasagna : “ The English and the Turks called it the French disease , the Persians blamed it on the Turks , the Flemish and Dutch referred to it as the Spanish pox , the French called it the Italian or Neapolitan disease , the Italians blamed it either on the Spanish or the French , the Portuguese termed it the Castilian disease . . . the Russians thought of it as a Polish ailment , and the Poles gave credit to the Germans . ”
that blood donations went down 25 percent during the month of July 1983 .
That , I believe , is the correct scientific position to take on the significance of these experiences . ”
This fantasy [ within the patient’s psyche , or mind ] is most appealing , since it solves several human concerns at one time . . . .
Only three islands in the atoll can be used for residence , and the diet will consist primarily of imported foods until locally planted coconuts , breadfruit and arrowroot are mature .
If his Dialogue writings really reflect his own thinking , Plato was convinced that he had an immortal soul .
A ruler named Cyrus would conquer Babylon .
This has been the Bikinians ’ experience when relying on men .
Yet such emotional turmoil merely prolongs the cycle of suffering , often by triggering further recurrences of the disease . Why Called Incurable
Sometime after the testing was over , everyone thought the Bikinians could go home .
In all , 11 islands and 3 atolls were directly affected .
Excepting Jesus Christ , this impact is probably much greater than that of any other man upon the German - speaking world .
Wallis Budge in Amulets and Talismans : “ The cross did not become the supreme emblem and symbol of Christianity until the IVth century . ”
Oscar Gillespie : “ The major problem with herpes isn’t so much in the virus itself , but in the ways its presence can create fears , doubts and disruptions in day - to - day living . ”
In South America , the same sign was considered symbolical and sacred .
Its telltale symptom is a burning sensation during urination .
But in “ the final part of the days ” people out of all nations would eagerly help one another to learn Jehovah’s ways ; all of these would cease to participate in or learn war .
To which Cologne’s Cardinal Höffner , during a speech at a Lutheran anniversary ceremony in Worms , added that the Protestant and the Catholic views of Luther could no longer be used to drive a wedge between them .
Furthermore , a papyrus fragment of the Gospel of John , dating from around A.D . 125 , has been preserved .
Their grossly obscene sexual acts ​ — whether done with multiple partners or “ monogamously ” — ​ are “ contrary to nature . ”
( CDC ) The rise in the tourist trade , spawned by jet air travel , helped spread disease from country to country . A worldwide STD epidemic was therefore brewing , but as Theodor Rosebury wrote in Microbes and Morals , “ The appalling discovery was made that young doctors and medical students knew practically nothing about [ STD ] . ”
The Latin word used for the instrument on which Christ died was crux which , according to Livy , a famous Roman historian of the first century C.E . , means a mere stake .
This was the question raised by Munich’s Süddeutsche Zeitung .
Upwards of 2,600,000 of Jehovah’s Witnesses , in 205 lands , devote time to helping others to learn Bible truths .
A knowledge that the time is very close when the Kingdom will bring paradise conditions back to the earth will help them to experience the latter half of the Bible verse mentioned above : “ A wish come true is a staff of life . ”
These are some examples of prophecies recorded by Isaiah and that were fulfilled long after the Isaiah Dead Sea Scroll was copied .
There is obviously no guarantee either that these experiences will continue to unfold in a way consistent with their beginnings or indeed that they will continue at all .
Rest , warm baths , compresses , ice packs and keeping the sores dry are considered helpful , although far short of being cures .
Recent attempts , however , to point up Luther’s cultural contributions have turned him once again into a symbol of unity .
For the ‘ sexually active ’ the chance of becoming infected suddenly seems no longer remote but terrifyingly possible .
In Keats ’ words we perhaps have a simple clue to the conclusions that are being drawn by some doctors and psychiatrists , as well as people who have undergone an NDE ( near - death experience ) .
Never before in history had a pope delivered a sermon to a Lutheran congregation in Rome’s Lutheran church .
The authoritative Strong’s Exhaustive Concordance of the Bible gives as the primary meaning for staurós “ a stake or post , ” and for xýlon “ timber , ” “ tree ” or “ wood . ”
He says : “ From the beginning I foretold the future , and predicted beforehand what is to be . . . .
And those who aren’t perhaps should be .
Hawaii , their latest choice for relocation , is being considered by the U.S . government .
Such a change has now taken place .
The Gospels of Matthew , Mark and Luke were written before the Roman attack on Jerusalem in 66 C.E . , which was foretold in each one of them . ​ — Matthew 24 : 15 , 16 ; Mark 13 : 14 - 20 ; Luke 19 : 41 - 44 ; 21 : 20 - 24 .
They never swallowed Plato’s pagan philosophy , for they knew very well that Jesus had taught : “ Do not marvel at this , because the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out , those who did good things to a resurrection of life , those who practiced vile things to a resurrection of judgment . ”
Among some of the treatments called ineffective by the CDC are vaccines , immune stimulants , vitamins C , E and B12 , special diets , zinc , lactobacillus ( acidophilus ) tablets , steroid creams and dye - light therapy .
But what do other investigators say ?
By now the break between Catholics and Lutherans was complete .
Although coconuts grow well and rainfall is plentiful , there are no reef fish and no shellfish , for the surf breaks directly onto the rocky shelf .
* “ STD ” is thus a catchall for a rogues ’ gallery of about 20 sinister - sounding afflictions ​ — from headline - grabbing herpes to obscure shigellosis .
Before 732 B.C.E .
But perhaps you ask , What about the words of Paul where he speaks about immortality ?
[ Picture on page 6 ] Plato’s philosophy contaminated the teachings of many religions [ Picture on page 7 ]
The following series of articles will examine the evidence related to these questions .
People are therefore taking a second look at the much vaunted “ sexual revolution . ”
The Creator , Jehovah God , who inspired men to record these predictions , knows how humans are made and what motivates them to act the way they do .
The United States alone reports that an estimated 200,000 to 500,000 individuals are afflicted with it each year .
In another ancient Indian painting the god Krishna is represented with six arms , three of which are holding a cross .
And this in spite of the fact that the needles used are sterilized and hermetically sealed before use , and then broken and discarded after use .
It was worse than being in jail because the islands were so small and there was not enough food . ”
Reunion is seen as a means of stemming the tide .
If the soul be in heaven , tell me what cause is there for the resurrection ? ”
Countries thus far relatively unaffected , such as Japan , have geared up to deal with it ​ — just in case .
Then came the hydrogen bombs , the first of which was tested at Eniwetok in 1952 .
This frees from all taint of paganism the precious sacrifice that our Lord and Savior made .
Hundreds of these cases have been documented by doctors and scientists .
Nevertheless , doctors say gonorrhea can still work its way into the blood system and infect vital organs , and women are especially prone to gonorrhea complications .
One man on Utirik atoll lamented , “ Several of my babies who were healthy at the time they were born died before they were a year old . . .
These and other questions are examined in our opening series .
There are two Greek words used for the executional instrument on which Christ died ​ — staurós and xýlon .
Under that Kingdom all mankind will , through Christ , come to be united in worship of the one true God .
Regardless of whether this proves to be a milestone on the road to reunification or not , another question of importance is : why this sudden and unexpected willingness to reunite ?
True , he says : “ For this which is corruptible must put on incorruption , and this which is mortal must put on immortality .
Richard Blacher of Tufts University School of Medicine , Boston , wrote : “ I suggest that people who undergo these ‘ death experiences ’ are suffering from a hypoxic [ oxygen deficiency ] state , during which they try to deal psychologically with the anxieties provoked by the medical procedures and talk . . . .
When the Bikinians living on Kili visit Majuro to obtain supplies or do business , they receive this message personally from the many active Witnesses of Jehovah there .
“ And those who appear to have lived neither well nor ill , go to the river Acheron , . . . and there they dwell and are purified of their evil deeds , and having suffered the penalty of the wrongs which they have done to others , they are absolved . ”
“ The Jews . . . returned . . . to Jerusalem from Babylonia in the time of Cyrus . ” ​ — The Outline of History , by H .
Respecting it , the renowned professor of archaeology Yigael Yadin recently said : “ The scroll . . . has all the chapters of Isaiah from chapter one to sixty six . . .
Genesis 2 : 7 clearly states : “ And Jehovah God proceeded to form the man out of dust from the ground and to blow into his nostrils the breath of life , and the man came to be a living soul . ”
The apostle John added : “ Guard yourselves from idols . ”
“ In the year commemorating the birth of Martin Luther five centuries ago , we believe to be able to see in the distance the morning light of the advent of reunification . ”
How , then , can all the near - death and out - of - body experiences be explained ?
Showing that the cross was not a symbol used in early Christianity , the book Records of Christianity states : “ Even the Cross was not directly employed in church decoration . . . The earliest symbol of Christ was a fish ( second century ) ; on the earliest carved tombs he is represented as the Good Shepherd ( third century ) . ”
‘ Free love ’ advocates thus find , to their dismay , that illicit “ love ” isn’t so “ free ” after all .
Most people with any religious background , whether Christian , Muslim , Jew , Shinto , Buddhist or Hindu , share this one basic idea .
During the trade - wind season , the ocean is so stormy that supply boats cannot reach the island .
Not only would it be immortal ; it would be superfluous ! ​ — Genesis 1 : 28 .
These words typified the faith the medical profession ​ — and the public at large — ​ bestowed upon the new wonder drugs such as penicillin .
Hundreds of millions of tons of Bikini’s reef , islands and lagoon were pulverized and sucked up into the air .
True , some computers can perform difficult mathematical calculations in a fraction of the time it would take the smartest mathematicians .
FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY
It is not too late ​ — or too difficult — ​ for such ones to make needed changes .
Crime , violence and terrorism plague the world today .
Chronicles ​ — News of the Past , describes the 10th day of Ab , 70 C.E . : “ JERUSALEM FALLS ; TEMPLE IN FLAMES . . .
So cried U.S.News World Report back in 1966 .
Centuries later , Alexander scraped Tyre’s ruins into the sea , forming a causeway to the island city , capturing it .
This is well illustrated with regard to the generally held belief in an immortal soul .
But in no way can an immortal soul be read into those words .
The cause of all this misery ?
It would be a sign for Jewish followers of Jesus to flee out of the city and Judea .
Governmental unity will be achieved by replacing today’s political system with God’s heavenly government , for which Christ taught his followers to pray : “ Let your kingdom come . Let your will take place , as in heaven , also upon earth . ”
It is well known that this large international brotherhood does not participate in warfare .
Chronicles ​ — News of the Past , by Dr . Israel Eldad and Moshe Aumann , gives a historical account of the 30th of the Jewish month Tishri , 66 C.E . : “ Romans advance on Jerusalem , begin siege of city . ”
The testimony of numerous early Christians and their catalogs of Bible books , all testifying that these accounts are genuine , is a matter of historical record .
Then in 1520 he published the pamphlets “ An Address to the Christian Nobility of the German Nation , ” “ The Babylonian Captivity of the Church ” and “ The Liberty of a Christian Man . ”
“ Soul ” in the Bible
While effective alternate drugs do exist , the WHO observed that because of penicillin - resistant gonorrhea , “ more and more treatment failures will occur leading to extended periods of infectivity of the patient and an increased risk of complicated disease , particularly in females . ”
This is done to protect themselves from embarrassment when their predictions fail .
In confirmation of this , appendix No . 162 of The Companion Bible states concerning staurós that it “ denotes an upright pale or stake , to which the criminals were nailed for execution . . . .
He made a tremendous contribution to the cause of the united German state that later came into being .
The cleanup and resettlement was planned to extend over an eight - year period .
Is the Catholic Church today “ walking in a way that accords with the example ” we find in Paul and in the other early Christians ?
You can thus see why doctors say that herpes is so tough to kill .
Is there another conscious existence after death ?
They would rebuild Jerusalem and its temple , becoming living witnesses to the fact that Jehovah is the God of true prophecy .
The Near - Death Experience ​ — Proof of Immortality ?
“ As a result of antibiotic therapy , ” pronounced Dr .
2,666 years later , since 1935 C.E .
People set out to experience sexual freedom firsthand .
In fact , so many NDEs are closely related to the patients ’ experiences and background in life that it is unreasonable to believe that they are having a glimpse of a realm beyond death .
Most of them tire easily and almost all of them worry about their health .
Schank , director of the Artificial Intelligence Project at Yale .
The notion that with “ the pill ” and penicillin one can enjoy illicit sex without consequences has been proved a naive absurdity .
There is no mention here of any hellfire or purgatory , just death .
Within minutes , the huge mushroomlike cloud rose to 100,000 feet ( about 30,500 m ) .
Hence , the natives were evacuated and transported to Ujelang , 124 miles ( 200 km ) southwest .
Secularization is on the march .
It was only some weeks later , however , that the natives of Bikini were told that they would have to move .
Israel’s long - awaited Messianic King would be born in Bethlehem .
The future of the exiles from Bikini is still not certain .
We reason and make analogies .
Was this simply being overlooked ?
Yet they are not even alluded to .
But when herpes afflicts the genitals , the sufferer has usually ( but not always * ) contracted the virus in a specific way : by sexual contact with another herpes victim .
“ Now I exhort you , brothers , through the name of our Lord Jesus Christ that you should all speak in agreement , and that there should not be divisions among you , but that you may be fitly united in the same mind and in the same line of thought . ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 1 : 10 .
So did the liberalized abortion laws that some countries instituted .
Some wells were too radioactive for drinking purposes .
It was revered in Paraguay .
Soon thousands of military and scientific personnel , as well as hundreds of ships and aircraft , began arriving at the palm - clad atoll .
The availability of the birth - control pill , for one thing , made it seem simple to have sex without consequences .
that previous theories linking Haitians to AIDS by means of “ voodoo rituals ” are unsubstantiated .
Actually there are many different types of crosses , a few of which are shown here .
But living conditions there were poor .
Observed one college student : “ I suppose AIDS and herpes are definitely on people’s minds . But I don’t think they have in any way curtailed the sexual revolution among most people my age . ”
Matthew 1 : 18 - 23 and Luke 1 : 26 – 2 : 14 record the miraculous virgin birth of Jesus .
“ Our personality . . . survives in the next life . ” ​ — Thomas Edison , American inventor , 1847 - 1931 .
It takes courage to break away from an entrenched religious tradition originating in the mists of pagan antiquity .
Its 55 square miles ( 142 sq km ) of lagoon did not begin to compare with the 299 square miles ( 774 sq km ) of lagoon in Bikini .
Moody explained in his book Life After Life that “ rarely , someone . . . has proposed demonic explanations of near - death experiences , suggesting that the experiences were doubtless directed by inimical forces . ”
This , the largest announced hydrogen bomb , was perhaps 700 times more powerful than the first atomic bomb dropped at Bikini .
As the story goes , he saw a bright light in the sky in the form of a cross and with it the words : “ By this conquer . ”
The Marshall islanders do not have land rights in atolls other than those of their own social grouping .
How Reliable Are Bible Prophecies ?
“ Whether the pope’s appearance in Rome’s [ Lutheran church ] can be considered a milestone in the ecumenical movement , or whether this historical gesture will remain nothing more than just that ​ — a gesture — ​ who of us can judge now ? ”
Elisabeth Kübler - Ross arrive after checking out over a thousand cases of NDE ?
But , says the U.S . Department of Health : “ In women . . . symptoms may not be sufficient to provoke the patient’s suspicion or motivate her to seek care . ”
Because the Bible states : “ Satan himself keeps transforming himself into an angel of light .
After all , why cherish and adore the instrument that was supposedly used to murder the Lord Jesus Christ ?
This was in the fall of 1522 .
Advanced computers can even beat most people at chess .
Thus man has tried to convince himself that the certainty of death is annulled by the survival of an immortal soul or spirit .
In 1980 , 500 Eniwetokese returned , but less than two years later , 100 of them left due to the difficult conditions .
Thus , they can accidentally spread the disease to other parts of the body , such as the genitals , by touching them .
The reason why Bible prophecies are specific is that they come from a source higher than man .
Sickness and death will come to be things of the past .
And in modern times Jehovah’s Witnesses have helped thousands more do likewise . ​ — 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 - 11 .
What of the Other Victims ?
“ We yearn for unity , and we are working for unity , ” he told his audience , speaking in German .
The same principle holds true when it comes to sexual morality .
The hero of this famous story was Constantine the Great .
Kübler - Ross : “ Our physical body is truly only the cocoon . . . Our inner , true self . . . is immortal ” [ Blurb on page 5 ]
“ We don’t have programs that are truly creative , or truly inventive , or can understand the complexities of somebody’s reasoning , ” admits Roger C .
In time , an effective test to screen AIDS - contaminated blood may be announced .
Confirmation of Fulfillment
How do they explain these near - death and out - of - body experiences ?
During the Luther Year many celebrations , conferences and displays were held , one of which had over 600 paintings , sculptures , graphic drawings and documents on display .
The “ New Morality ” ​ — Reaping What It Has Sown ?
Just about anything that calms a person down and makes him less anxious might seemingly cure the malady ​ — temporarily .
They are , it seems to me , by their nature , revelatory experiences . . . .
Of course , controversy still surrounds some of these treatments , but a person is wise to investigate a treatment thoroughly before submitting to it .
In his name salvation has been preached worldwide .
( See Revelation , chapters 17 and 18 . )
To what conclusion did psychiatrist Dr .
Did First - Century Christians Use the Cross ?
How , in fact , did the immortal soul idea get into “ Christian ” teaching ?
They reject the separation of man into body and soul .
AIDS Panic
It has cast a shadow upon a way of life that promised freedom , but that for many has delivered nothing but heartache and misery .
Thousands ​ — perhaps millions — ​ died .
Nor do they buy and sell land as people in other nations do .
Others refer to conditions on this earth during the conclusion of the system of things and foretell that this marked time period is to be followed by a new order under the rule of God’s Kingdom .
This text is fundamental to understanding the word “ soul ” as used in the Bible .
“ A Time of ‘ Sexual Anarchy ’ ”
The plague’s origin is thus the stuff of scholarly debate and may always be a mystery .
Although there were breaks between tests , on the average one nuclear weapon was exploded every other day when a series began .
Surprisingly , this commonsense view is not the prevalent one , and the majority of mankind . . . continue to exert their basic motivation to stay alive and formulate a myriad of beliefs concerning man’s survival after death . ”
The STD epidemic is , to be sure , a frightening specter . But the Bible does not indicate that God today uses disease as punishment for wayward conduct .
( See box on page 9 . )
Were they able to describe scenes in their operations because they were existing as an invisible soul or spirit ?
“ An inspired chess - playing program might be able to trounce a good player , ” states a recent article in The New York Times Magazine , “ but change the rules a little . . . and the machine will be at sea , while the human player will manage to cope . ”
Sad to say , however , the majority seem determined to continue their selfish course .
Almost 1 million women are treated for PID in the United States each year . ”
Was he right ?
And you will certainly become like one lying down in the heart of the sea , even like one lying down at the top of a mast . ”
Certainly , the ancient Greeks had their belief of everlasting torment in hell long before Christendom’s theologians took it over !
This government “ will never be brought to ruin , ” promises Daniel 2 : 44 .
They would besiege the city and build around it a fortification of pointed stakes .
When the New Testament speaks of resurrection , it does not refer to the natural continuance of a spirit - soul independent of our bodily functions . ”
Consider points 1 , 10 , 11 and 17 on the chart on pages 22 and 23 .
A quarter of the world is hungry , 40 million persons dying annually .
[ Chart on page 22 , 23 ]
CELL NUCLEUS DESTROYED
Doctors say it merely beats a retreat , via nerve pathways , to nerve clusters at the base of the spine .
Siegal observes : “ By the time most physicians see AIDS patients , the ball game is over . ”
And reports that it can spread to the public at large through blood transfusions have ignited further fear and resentment .
The stress is producing the projection of the images into the brain .
Greek cross
“ A bold new breed of supersmart computers is taking shape in artificial intelligence laboratories , ” says High Technology .
Evidently they were not trusting in the “ butterfly ” myth of human philosophy .
He knows what his own purpose is , and he has the power and wisdom to ensure its fulfillment .
Please note that no mention is made of any alternative destination for man’s supposed soul .
To what conclusion would that lead a thinking person ?
Is the church imitating them in doctrine , in conduct and in the setting of life’s priorities ?
“ Such harmony is in immortal souls . ” ​ — William Shakespeare , English playwright , 1564 - 1616 .
Medical science says that the spiral - shaped syphilis bacterium ( Treponema pallidum ) exudes from open sores or rashes on a victim’s genitals .
Does this mean that no one can foretell the future ?
In this respect , [ near - death ] experiences are akin to mystical or religious experiences [ Italics ours . ] . . . .
Mahoney in 1949 , “ gonorrhea has almost passed from the scene as an important clinical and public health entity . ”
Christian unity is desirable , and the Bible encourages us to maintain it .
Five months after the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were devastated by nuclear bombs , the U.S . government selected Bikini to be the spot for further nuclear experiments , and public announcements to this effect were made in the United States .
Untreated , the invader can do irreparable damage to the vital organs , even to the point of causing death .
When the Spanish conquistadores took over parts of the Americas , they were surprised to find religious crosses in many places .
Pr 13 : 12 Under that Kingdom , there will be no more nuclear threat ​ — and no more victims .
This island , incidentally , had also been chosen by the Bikinians , who were already building new houses there for themselves when , with little notice , the authorities moved in the Eniwetokese instead .
For example , Plato , a Greek philosopher of the fourth century B.C.E . , wrote : “ The soul is immortal and imperishable , and our souls will truly exist in another world ! ”
But what shocked readers then , now elicits little more than a yawn .
Chancroid Scabies
In fact , Psychology Today sums up over 25 years of research this way : “ Every human infant can do three things that no computer is yet able to do ​ — recognize a face , understand a natural language and walk on two legs . ”
A ROMAN emperor was preparing for battle and felt the need of help from the gods .
[ Map / ​ Picture on page 14 ]
Who has dullness of eyes ?
All I saw was extremely pleasant !
“ What I recall while I was in the operating room was it seems like I was just floating up near the ceiling . . . .
On December 10 , 1520 , he defiantly burned this papal bull .
How can you survive the predicted destruction of this old system into God’s New Order ?
This was , unfortunately , impossible .
Crux simplex , or stake
Is there life after death ?
And in the ensuing panic , victims of the plague were banished , quarantined , hanged and even drowned .
Ten to 90 days go by before the victim notices the characteristic syphilitic sore at the place of the germ’s entry ​ — usually the genitals .
The four Gospel accounts testify to the miraculous cures performed by Jesus as well as to his suffering and death at the hands of the Jews .
Traces of it , they say , are found in Egyptian mummies .
“ ‘ Diaspora ’ denoted the existence of Jews outside Palestine , especially after their exile by Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II . ” ​ — The Great Soviet Encyclopedia , 1975 English ed . , Vol . 8 , p .
It was clearly foretold that Babylon and Edom would become permanently desolate , whereas the land of Judea would suffer a temporary desolation , in fact , for a specific time ​ — 70 years .
I can’t imagine anything in the world or out of the world that could anywhere compare .
And his teachings soon began to convince others who revered him as a philosopher .
Each became stronger in its criticism .
What has been called a “ dramatic shift toward permissiveness . ”
“ GOD has replaced fire and brimstone with AIDS , ” wrote one indignant reader to the New York Post .
Unfortunately , as Dr .
[ Blurb on page 10 ]
First , Satan would not necessarily promulgate hate and destruction through these experiences .
All that your hand finds to do , do with your very power , for there is no work nor devising nor knowledge nor wisdom in Sheol [ mankind’s common grave ] , the place to which you are going . ” ​ — Ecclesiastes 9 : 5 , 6 , 10 .
The divorce rate is rising sharply and venereal diseases are epidemic .
Barely 35 years later physician - poet Fracastoro wove a tale about a shepherd afflicted with this disease .
There was much bitterness on the part of the Bikinians over this .
So thorough would the destruction be that the dust of the city would be scraped away and fishermen would dry their nets there .
Do their experiences actually prove the existence of an immortal soul that survives the body’s death ?
Mysteries of the Brain That Baffle Science
( Italics theirs . )
This formerly uninhabited atoll of 17 islands contained a mere half square mile ( 1.3 sq km ) of dry land , compared to Bikini’s 2.3 square miles ( 6 sq km ) .
According to the CDC ( Centers for Disease Control ) , active homosexuals ( with multiple partners ) have the greatest risk of contracting AIDS .
The Bikinians had been told that they would be able to go home at the conclusion of the tests , hence they chose to settle on Rongerik atoll , 125 miles ( 200 km ) to the east .
It clearly states that “ man came to be [ not to have ] a living soul . ”
An example is its use in India in ancient times .
However , the use of the cross as a religious symbol goes back much further than the time of Christ and is thus of non - Christian origin .
The term describes a shutdown of the body’s immune system .
King Solomon’s description of death and its effects has no hints of an immortal soul surviving into some other form of conscious existence .
The Cyclopædia of Biblical , Theological , and Ecclesiastical Literature says that the crux simplex was a “ mere stake ‘ of one single piece without transom [ crossbar ] . ’ ”
An 18 - kiloton explosion in 1958 failed to chain - react and it spread lethal plutonium 237 over the island of Runit , one of Eniwetok’s 40 islands .
The next time these armies would prove successful .
It is a factor that most investigators will not admit .
But , you may ask :
Hall in his Dictionary of Subjects Symbols in Art writes : “ After the recognition of Christianity by Constantine the Great , and more so from the 5th cent . , the cross began to be represented on sarcophagi [ stone coffins ] , lamps , caskets and other objects . ”
* People are simply contracting the diseases faster than doctors can cure them .
So , once again , the Bikinians were on the move ​ — back to Kili .
The individual , by ignoring God’s standards , brings them upon himself .
A disastrous test ( ironically named Bravo ) occurred on March 1 , 1954 , at Bikini .
On the other side of the fence was the most beautiful pasture scene I guess I have ever seen . . .
The ancient Egyptian rulers filled their tombs with the comforts and luxuries of life so that the body would be well served in its reunion with the ka , or soul .
A Partial List of Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Can the same be said about Bible prophecies ?
Sexually transmitted diseases are just a part of a constellation of problems the promiscuous may encounter : broken or insecure marriages , repeated heartbreak , fear of pregnancy , distrust of others .
A cure would somehow have to penetrate infected cells to kill the virus .
Even those of the human dead whom God remembers will be resurrected . ​ — John 5 : 28 , 29 .
Siegel indicates another interesting point about the “ visions ” of the nearly dead : “ As in hallucinations , the visions of the afterlife are suspiciously like this world , according to the accounts provided by dying patients themselves . ”
What Next ?
Creating a computer that thinks has been the dream of computer engineers ever since the mid - 1950 ’ s , when artificial intelligence became a well - defined field of computer science .
216 years later , 323 to 301 B.C.E .
But such was not the case .
Interestingly , the cross that Constantine is reputed to have seen in the sky and then used as his military banner was not the Latin cross but the sign [ Artwork ​ — Greek characters ] that some relate to sun worship ( Constantine himself was a sun worshiper ) and others to the Chi - Rho monogram — ​ the first two letters of “ Christ ” in Greek .
The shock of contracting a sexually transmitted disease has caused many to view promiscuity in a new light
For a more detailed study of the soul doctrine , see the book Is This Life All There Is ?
Take , for example , Jesus ’ words regarding the destruction of Jerusalem and its temple , foretold to take place within the generation of those who heard him .
● AIDS hot - line services “ have been flooded with calls asking if the disease could be contracted from holding subway straps or using toilet seats used by gays . ”
But will they be able to think ?
“ An era of vast change in sexual morality now is developing in America .
The gay community , however , felt the greatest impact .
Writes author Baring - Gould in his book Curious Myths of the Middle Ages : “ In the state of Oaxaca [ Mexico ] , the Spaniards found that wooden crosses were erected as sacred symbols . . .
Because they have proof ?
Also , their love and their hate and their jealousy have already perished , and they have no portion anymore to time indefinite in anything that has to be done under the sun .
The rapid changes of the 1960 ’ s led to the so - called sexual revolution and a liberalizing of moral codes
The 500th anniversary celebration of Martin Luther’s birth , on the other hand , while of passing interest , holds no lasting promise of global unity , either governmental or religious .
Getting voluntary compliance from blood donors , though , has been easier said than done .
A disastrous fire destroyed 30 percent of the productive coconut trees , causing even greater food shortages .
Does this not sound rather like Christendom’s purgatory teaching ?
The scandalous selling of indulgences by the archbishop of Mainz , for example , particularly raised his ire .
His death would atone for man’s sins .
Will Religious Unity Be Achieved ?
“ There is always the overriding uncertainty that on any day you’ll come down with something new that your suppressed immune system can’t repel . ”
High levels of radioactivity were found in their bodies .
Some considered this experience to be a privileged glimpse of another realm of existence . ”
From the profusion of dialects that existed in his day , Luther virtually created the standard German now spoken .
The rapid changes of the 1960 ’ s thus caught almost everyone off guard .
For example , individuals at times contract herpes on their fingers by touching herpetic sores .
There is no doubt that global unity will come .
Consequently , it seems reasonable to assume that the Gospels were written sometime around the turn of the second century A.D . ”
Who would want me if I told him that I have an incurable disease that can be sexually transmitted ? ”
Are They Vague or Specific ?
At least 32 other countries have also reported incidents of the disease .
Now come highly publicized reports that venereal diseases are spreading worldwide at epidemic rates .
“ I FEEL like a leper .
How will this knowledge affect you in relation to venerating and displaying or wearing a cross , or making the sign of the cross ?
Fortune - tellers , like Nostradamus , often use ambiguous words that can be taken in many different ways .
How far has AIDS spread ?
Page Two
Why was that important ?
Soon afterward , the Japanese fishermen and the inhabitants of Utirik and Rongelap began showing the effects of acute radiation exposure : itching , burning skin , nausea and vomiting .
Michael Sabom states : “ Many of these people , victims of cardiac arrest and other life - threatening crises , recalled a series of extraordinary events that ‘ took place ’ while they were unconscious and near death .
At 1 Corinthians 6 : 18 the Bible warns : “ Flee from fornication . . . .
While the newly announced test for screening blood may protect the blood supply from AIDS contamination , the AIDS scare has served to remind the public that transfusing blood is a practice that carries with it some serious risks .
She adds : “ With further research and further publications , more and more people will know rather than believe that our physical body is truly only the cocoon , the outer shell of the human being .
Following that , God’s Kingdom itself will crush all human governments ​ — all of which have a record of bloodshed and put their own desires ahead of God’s commands — ​ and will bring about a united world under God’s rule . ​ — Daniel 2 : 44 ; 7 : 13 , 14 .
714 years later
At the age of 33 Alexander died of malarial fever ; shortly afterward his only two sons were murdered .
For the time being , the best medical science has to offer is symptomatic relief .
Seek righteousness , seek meekness . Probably you may be concealed in the day of Jehovah’s anger . ” ​ — Zephaniah 2 : 3 .
But so far the dream has not materialized .
[ Pictures on page 5 ]
125 years later , in 607 B.C.E .
Matthew 2 : 1 and Luke 2 : 1 - 14 confirm that Jesus was born in Bethlehem in 2 B.C.E .
1,881 years later , since 1914 C.E .
Who has wounds for no reason ?
This view is of particular interest to Christians familiar with Bible prophecies foretelling the destruction of organized false religion under the symbol of Babylon the Great .
This attack would not bring about the immediate destruction of those in the city .
The crux simplex as illustrated by the Roman Catholic scholar Justus Lipsius in his book De Cruce Libri Tres
Once Again a Force for Unity
What do you believe about man’s supposed immortality ?
The treatment for their malady ( clotting factor VIII ) is derived from the blood of hundreds of donors .
Since then the cross has been frequently used to add an aura of righteousness to unchristian military activities such as the Crusades , when many vile atrocities were committed by “ soldiers of the Cross . ”
Those staying a long time with the wine . . .
It is generally just a matter of time , however , before the latent herpes viruses , still nestled away in the cells , decide to attack again .
Recent reports that herpes vaccines are being tested give some ray of hope perhaps .
Because the land and sea provide their sustenance , Marshallese are reluctant to take up residence where other islanders live .
Scientific studies of Bikini made in April 1983 show that without a massive cleanup it will be at least 110 years before anyone will be able to live there .
“ Passed From the Scene ”
The entire global system of things that rejects Jehovah’s universal sovereignty , either ignoring God or distorting his ways .
Later , the publication reports : “ ROMAN ARMY ROUTED . . . nearly 6,000 Roman soldiers and horsemen . . . wiped out . ”
Under God’s Kingdom , earth’s survivors will at last enjoy real peace and there will be an abundance of food , not just for some nations and social groups , but for all mankind .
The World Health Organization says that STD’s are a “ worldwide epidemic . ”
Young people , generally , resent authority .
Martin Luther was an Augustinian monk and a Catholic priest .
With what result ?
The CDC has issued precautions for clinical and laboratory staffs , even though they claim contraction of AIDS “ through casual contact [ does ] not seem likely . ”
Canoes are useless as there is no way to launch them through the rough waters .
The very name of Babylon’s conqueror , Cyrus , was predicted by Isaiah over 190 years in advance .
Meanwhile , in the atolls that were doused by radioactive fallout , the rate of thyroid abnormalities , cataracts , retardation in growth , stillbirths and miscarriages for the inhabitants is far higher than among the other Marshallese .
They seem unusually susceptible to colds , flu and throat ailments .
The wealthy port city of Tyre would be conquered by King Nebuchadrezzar .
Doctors used to call this modern - day plague venereal disease , after Venus , the ancient Roman goddess of love .
Bogus cures for herpes , say doctors , have not only raised false hopes but in some cases simply made a bad condition worse .
Several medical reports made during the next two years confirmed that the Bikinians were a “ starving people , ” and their departure from Rongerik had been “ too long delayed . ”
( Psychology Today , January 1981 ) Interestingly , this same lecturer “ argues that ghosts and apparitions are indeed hallucinations , but they are projected telepathically from the minds of dead people to those of the living ! ”
Then I remember Dr . D saying , ‘ There’s the disk .
What do these three experiences have in common ?
Normally one would expect the 1,950th anniversary of an event of great importance to get more attention than the 500th anniversary of another event of lesser importance .
Are they vague or are they specific ?
Though the chances of getting AIDS from a transfusion seemed slim , the CDC nevertheless warned that “ members of groups at increased risk for AIDS [ primarily homosexuals ] should refrain from donating plasma and / ​ or blood . ”
In addition , the Hebrew Scriptures clearly show that the faithful men and women of old awaited a resurrection , even as Paul commented in Hebrews 11 : 35 : “ Women received their dead by resurrection [ in certain miraculous cases ] ; but other men were tortured because they would not accept release by some ransom , in order that they might attain a better resurrection [ to everlasting life ] . ”
to suggestions that they be banned from donating blood .
Organized religion seems to be falling apart .
Therefore it is nothing inherent in man but , rather , a new creation of those who will reign with Christ in his heavenly Kingdom . ​ — 2 Corinthians 5 : 17 ; Romans 6 : 5 - 11 ; Revelation 14 : 1 , 3 .
But what human really knows what the future holds ?
But the machines have serious limitations .
Did they use it also ?
That certainly does not agree with Solomon’s conclusion that the dead are dead and know nothing .
There is the true hope for the dead that will be realized when this earth is under the full control of God’s Kingdom government by Christ . ​ — Matthew 6 : 9 , 10 ; Revelation 21 : 1 - 4 .
1,850 years later , since 1914 C.E .
[ Box on page 8 ]
Besides , they ask , how could so few sailors have infected so many others ?
Death is the great transition . ”
Regarding the Messiah , Isaiah prophesied that at his death he would be associated with the wicked ones and also with the rich class .
IT IS natural for man to be interested in the future .
The basis for governmental and religious unity was therefore laid at Christ’s death , the 1,950th anniversary of which was celebrated on Tuesday , March 29 , 1983 .
From this point of view , the voices we have heard in this book [ Life at Death ] are those of prophets preaching a religion of universal brotherhood . ”
However , he rejects the idea since he feels that instead of the patients ’ feeling more godly after the experience , “ Satan would presumably tell his servants to follow a course of hate and destruction . ”
As Keats wrote : “ I long to believe in immortality . . . I wish to believe in immortality . ”
The idea that the end of wickedness is near is scoffed at by many .
Why this change ?
A Bikinian now living in Majuro commented : “ Life on Rongerik and Kili was very hard .
Had the Catholic Church immediately addressed these criticisms and perhaps made certain reforms , the Reformation might never have taken place .
Not more than about five or six hundred years elapsed between when the actual words of Isaiah were said and this scroll was copied in the 2nd century B.C .
It’s something that I believe only a fellow herpes victim could share and understand . ”
Thus spoke a sufferer of the much - publicized genital herpes .
Some , however , fear that all AIDS victims will eventually die of the disease .
It is therefore nothing great if his ministers also keep transforming themselves into ministers of righteousness . ”
But what about the early Christian congregation ?
On April 23 , 1984 , researchers announced that they had isolated the virus that is believed to cause AIDS .
The 50,000 coconut trees and 40 new homes that were part of the three - million - dollar rehabilitation plan were abandoned .
“ I looked forward to a new age of sexual freedom , ” recalls writer Celia Haddon .
One might think that plagues that ravage , kill and maim would be as extinct as dinosaurs in our age of CAT scans and laser surgery .
Even the most beautiful moments of life would not compare to what I was experiencing . ” ​ — A 54 - year - old heart - operation patient .
Second , he has not failed miserably to make persuasive emissaries for his program of lies about the immortal soul !
It is the oldest complete Biblical manuscript existing in the world today .
The prophet Zephaniah answers : “ Seek Jehovah , all you meek ones of the earth . . .
Blinded at first by its glitter and glamour , many are for the first time glimpsing its dark side : alienation , pain and human misery .
The Bible translator William Tyndale ( c . 1492 - 1536 ) wrote in the foreword to his translation : “ In putting departed souls in heaven , hell , or purgatory you destroy the arguments wherewith Christ and Paul prove the resurrection . . .
And , in reality , many Bible translations do use the word “ cross . ”
It has become increasingly popular to view the Bible with skepticism .
The cell wall then bursts open , allowing an army of dangerous particles to flow into the bloodstream and infect yet other cells .
Speaking at the opening of the above - mentioned exhibition in Nuremberg , he said that Luther had ceased being a “ symbol of division . ”
275 years later , in 332 B.C.E .
Papal cross
Innocent Victims of the Nuclear Age
I could see them operating on my back . . . .
● Hospital workers have refused to treat AIDS patients .
They see it as the divine punishment for promiscuity .
Infection occurs during sexual relations .
Natives from the nearby Rongelap atoll heard of their distress and tried to help by bringing fish and other foods over to them in outrigger canoes .
LUTHER’S impact upon German culture is undeniably great , although probably less known ​ — at least outside Germany — ​ than the one he made on religious history .
AIDS ​ — A New STD ?
Most of them are still living on Kili Island .
If he can perpetuate the basic lie that he has always maintained ​ — “ You positively will not die ” — ​ he can do it through the apparently most innocent and enlightening means . ​ — Genesis 3 : 4 , 5 .
It is sufficient to read Plato’s Phaedo to be convinced of that . ”
Sometimes it is the Phallus [ used in sex worship ] , sometimes the planet Venus . ”
Adopting the sign as the standard for his army , he went on to win a series of crucial victories that led to his becoming sole ruler of the Roman Empire in 324 C.E .
He adds , “ He certainly has failed miserably ​ — as far as I can tell — ​ to make persuasive emissaries for his program ! ”
( For fully formatted text , see publication . )
Step two : The virus takes over the cell’s nucleus to reproduce herpes viruses by the thousands .
According to the Rheinische Post , “ the Catholic view of Luther has . . . undergone an astonishing change .
Ancient writings seem to describe its symptoms graphically .
Between death and resurrection there is a gap ; the individual continues his existence at best in God’s memory . ”
Instead of the lush islands they had left , those who returned found a shattered atoll covered with dense , worthless scrub , few trees and tons of testing debris .
● Technicians refused to hook up a microphone for an AIDS victim scheduled for an interview on a TV talk show .
Promiscuous sex makes a mockery of this blessed arrangement .
The appendix concludes : “ The evidence is thus complete , that the Lord was put to death upon an upright stake , and not on two pieces of timber placed at any angle . ”
Radiological tests made in 1972 and 1975 revealed higher levels of radioactivity than originally thought .
Real Christian unity requires following the Scriptural advice Paul gave the Philippian Christians : “ Unitedly become imitators of me , brothers , and keep your eye on those who are walking in a way that accords with the example you have in us . ” ​ — Philippians 3 : 17 .
I will do whatever I choose . ” ​ — Isaiah 46 : 9 , 10 , The Jerusalem Bible .
Some of these prophecies concern the rise and fall of world empires .
Furthermore , if man had really been created with an immortal soul , then this whole set of doctrines relating to the immortal soul and its destiny should have been part and parcel of Hebrew and Jewish teaching from the very earliest times .
In his edict of 1495 , he proclaimed it a punishment for blasphemy .
Should it surprise us , then , that a host of physical problems accompany their life - style ?
On October 31 , 1517 , ( as tradition has it ) he nailed to the church door at Wittenberg 95 theses exposing wrong teachings of the church .
Of course , Christians do not at all delight in the sufferings of others .
This latter anniversary particularly commanded the headlines in those countries where the world’s 70 million Lutherans live .
Nevertheless , for many years now , a message has been broadcast by radio from Majuro all through the Marshall Islands that calls attention , not to the arms race but to God’s Kingdom as the source of real security .
The Encyclopædia Britannica states in this respect : “ The Christian Platonists gave primacy to revelation and regarded Platonic philosophy as the best available instrument for understanding and defending the teachings of Scripture and church tradition . . . .
Doctors have therefore had a tough time catching up with the epidemic growth of STD’s , even though they claim that effective cures exist for most of them .
Soon that Kingdom will ‘ make wars to cease to the extremity of the earth , ’ and “ bring to ruin those ruining the earth . ” ​ — Psalm 46 : 9 ; Revelation 11 : 18 .
No doubt headlines such as “ Mere Contact May Spread AIDS ” have promoted this fear :
Sickness and disease are the inescapable results of inherited sin afflicting all mankind .
Yet during 1983 , the 1,950th anniversary year of the death of Jesus Christ , the Founder of Christianity , went largely unnoticed in Christendom .
While a number of sexually transmitted diseases have plagued mankind for many years , two in particular have been highly publicized recently .
37 years later , in 70 C.E .
“ Babylon lost its primacy and finally left the historical arena by the second century A.D . ” ​ — The Great Soviet Encyclopedia , 1974 English ed . , Vol . 4 , p .
All test - related debris was to be dumped at three sites located less than a mile out in the lagoon .
“ The Persian king Cyrus II captured Babylon in 539 B.C . ” ​ — Ibid . , p .
In her book On Children and Death she stated : “ And so it is with death . . . the end before another beginning .
Will my children be normal ? ’
Before 716 B.C.E .
Others , like the English poet Keats , want to believe but doubt .
Some even claim that the plague is almost “ as old as man himself . ”
And the homosexual community has cried “ Discrimination ! ”
And isn’t that punishment enough ?
Some Bible Prophecies and Their Fulfillment
European doctors have therefore talked of banning imports of U.S . blood products , and some patients have refused blood transfusions !
He also significantly contributed to the foundation of what later became public grammar schools .
The whole outline of it looked like a putting green on a well - kept golf course . ” ​ — “ Seen ” by a 55 - year - old textile - mill laborer during cardiac arrest .
Thus Paul states the case with simplicity in Romans 6 : 23 : “ For the wages sin pays is death . ”
Raymond Moody explains : “ The identification of the being varies from individual to individual and seems to be largely a function of the religious background , training , or beliefs of the person involved .
Luther Year celebrations were held both in the Federal Republic of Germany and in the German Democratic Republic ( DDR ) * .
There it is . ’
A fine example was set by those in ancient Ephesus who , heeding the preaching by the apostle Paul and finding that the items they used were not in harmony with true Christianity , brought them together “ and burned them up before everybody . ”
In his book Life After Life , Dr .
That is a logical question .
Babylon would be followed by the Medo - Persian Empire , pictured by a ram with two horns , the taller of the two coming up second .
From the middle of the 2nd century AD , Christians who had some training in Greek philosophy began to feel the need to express their faith in its terms , both for their own intellectual satisfaction and in order to convert educated pagans .
217 years later , in 334 B.C.E .
The apostle Paul urged Christians to “ flee from idolatry . ”
( Medical World News ) But to the estimated two - and - a - half to three million victims of chlamydial infections in the United States alone , the disease is hardly “ minor - league . ”
Before such a person as Luther could ever be viewed as a force for unity , there would have to be a considerable change in attitudes .
Jehovah’s modern - day Witnesses have been teaching this for over a hundred years !
Michael Sabom on those who had an NDE , “ a definite decrease in the fear of death and a definite increase in the belief in an afterlife were reported by the vast majority of persons with an NDE . ” ​ — Italics ours .
And at the forefront were the apostles of the “ new morality ” ​ — doctors , politicians , philosophers , writers and even clergymen , who proclaimed that the “ old ” sexual restraints were oppressive and harmful .
In Peru the Incas honoured a cross made out of a single piece of jasper . . .
Also at risk are hemophiliacs and abusers of intravenous drugs .
But , alas , it does not prevent recurrences !
No , there is no record of the use of the cross by first - century Christians .
“ Involuntary infertility , ectopic pregnancy , and chronic pelvic pain . ”
But herpes does not go away .
A Glimpse of Heaven ?
So Luther’s Reformation contributed to keeping organized religion “ in the saddle ” until God’s foreordained time to take action against it .
Many similarly feel that the epidemic growth of AIDS , herpes and other STD’s is more than a product of the so - called sexual revolution .
If death is defeated by means of an ‘ immortal and imperishable ’ soul , then what purpose is served by the resurrection that Jesus taught and that the ancient Hebrew patriarchs believed in ? ​ — Hebrews 11 : 17 - 19 , 35 ; John 5 : 28 , 29 .
He wrote regarding Christ : “ He believed . . . in the resurrection of the flesh , according to the Jewish way of thinking , not in the immortality of the soul , according to the Platonic way of thinking . ”
But the syphilis bacteria are insidiously slow .
A Contrasting Viewpoint
In 1521 at the Diet of Worms he refused to retract , whereupon he was declared an outlaw in the Holy Roman Empire and was forced into hiding .
Or it would have to kill infected cells without destroying healthy ones .
But his religious activities mainly overshadowed these cultural contributions , bringing about a religious division that still exists .
Christians in ancient times succeeded in escaping the trap of sexual immorality .
“ It just hangs over your head , ” said one AIDS victim .
Chicken pox and shingles are common afflictions caused by herpes viruses .
This century has also experienced a marked increase in earthquakes .
12 years later , in 539 B.C.E .
The rest had been reduced to a mass of smouldering rubble . ”
Holden writes : “ Christian theology has become so fused with Greek philosophy that it has reared individuals who are a mixture of nine parts Greek thought to one part Christian thought . ”
First it was the hemophiliacs .
Perhaps the most insidious effect of herpes is upon the sufferer’s emotions .
These are herpes and AIDS .
There are undoubtedly several factors involved ​ — the general drop in religious interest and the loss of religious authority and influence , for example .
We are dealing here with the fantasy of death , not with death itself .
Genital Herpes Genital Warts
They are second - generation “ expert ” systems , which ​ — like their first - generation counterparts — ​ will have the specialized knowledge of human experts encoded in their data banks .
Hundreds of past prophecies have proved reliable , so we can have absolute confidence in the fulfillment of these too .
Almost 275 miles ( 440 km ) away , on the Utirik atoll , the ash fell like a mist .
Treated as outcasts by neighbors and workmates , shunned by lovers , AIDS victims must also bear the burden of having an incurable disease .
Finally they were evacuated a second time , to a temporary camp at the naval base on Kwajalein , also in the Marshall Islands .
“ The last days ” of what ?
A good example of such a break is in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures , which renders staurós as “ torture stake ” and the verb stauróo as “ impale , ” not “ crucify . ”
However , down through the centuries there have been distinguished dissenters against the Greek concepts of an immortal soul .
GERMAN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
They do , however , hope that those trapped in the “ fast lane ” of promiscuity will seriously reflect on their way of life and what it can result in .
Their experiences demonstrate how tragic the nuclear arms race is .
“ In my professional career , I have never encountered a more frustrating and depressing situation , ” Newsweek quoted Dr .
The poem itself is perhaps long forgotten , but not the chilling name given his shepherd from which the disease itself is named ​ — Syphilus .
What Will You Do ?
Says the CDC ( Centers for Disease Control ) : “ Infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis are the most prevalent sexually transmitted diseases in the United States today . ”
This is the conclusion that atheists have come to .
Over 60 percent of those first diagnosed as having it died within a year .
These and other facts prove that Bible prophecies were indeed written in advance .
Ankh , or Egyptian cross
The Bikinians did not want that ; hence , they went to Kili .
In fact , as we have seen from the Bible , such cannot be the case , for man does not have an immortal soul , and there is no such thing as life after death as perceived in these cases .
Rather , under Christ’s rule , “ it will crush and put an end to all these [ other ] kingdoms [ or governments ] , and it itself will stand to times indefinite . ”
Kenneth Ring , professor of psychology and author of Life at Death , draws the following conclusion : “ I do believe . . . that we continue to have a conscious existence after our physical death . ”
Hence it is morally degrading , making one unclean in God’s eyes .
The two - horned Medo - Persian Empire would be broken by a one - horned he - goat , picturing Greece under a mighty king .
Babylon’s conqueror , Cyrus , would release the Jews .
But some have avoided anonymous sexual contact and settled into “ monogamous ” relationships .
Few , if any , were scared straight ( heterosexual ) .
“ The soul is indestructible . . . its activity will continue through eternity . ” ​ — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , German poet and dramatist , 1749 - 1832 .
After death the body disintegrates and is reabsorbed into the inanimate component of the environment .
This did not go unrecognized by the Federal Republic’s president , Karl Carstens .
And in men the symptoms generally disappear in a couple of months .
For example , the Bible condemns overindulgence in alcoholic beverages .
Were Some Written After the Fulfillment ?
It never means two pieces of timber placed across one another at any angle , but always of one piece alone . ”
Evidently not , as the following press reports indicate .
Then an infant who had received a transfusion from an AIDS victim also contracted the disease .
Doctors remind us of what appears to trigger recurrences of herpes ​ — stress and anxiety .
Interestingly , though , perhaps the majority of the cases of PID are caused by a disease most people have never even heard of ​ — chlamydia .
1,849 years later , since 1914 C.E .
Since 1914 the world has experienced the only two world wars in history .
Ultimately it leads to the judgment spelled out at 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 , 10 : “ Neither fornicators , nor idolaters , nor adulterers , nor men kept for unnatural purposes , nor men who lie with men . . . will inherit God’s kingdom . ”
However , unity is genuine only when based upon the solid foundation of truth , not upon opportunistic compromising .
The very expression “ memorial tombs ” implies that those dead persons are retained in the “ memory ” of God .
Doctors give some common - sense advice for herpes sufferers that may also bring a measure of relief .
As far back as 1967 , Protestant theologian Walther von Loewenich observed : “ There is a growing affection for Luther among German Catholic theologians that would put a Lutheran to shame . ”
One of the Japanese fishermen died not long afterward , and within the next two years the Japanese government received two million dollars in compensation for the other sick crew members and the damage to the tuna industry .
The dead “ are conscious of nothing at all . ”
Are they reliable ?
Syphilis no longer kills millions as it did in Columbus ’ day , but it is still dangerous .
● Police in San Francisco , California , were issued resuscitation devices and rubber gloves to avoid AIDS infection while rendering first aid .
Did this patient actually see barbed wire in “ heaven ” or in the realm beyond death ?
For example , The Great Soviet Encyclopedia says that the Dead Sea Scrolls “ were written between the second century B.C . and A.D .
Nevertheless , as we have seen , some psychologists believe that man has a conscious existence after death .
The publishers of this magazine will be pleased to supply additional information on request , or you may ask one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Basically , there are at least two possibilities ​ — one is that presented by some psychologists to the effect that the still - active brain of the near - dead person recalls and forms images under the stresses of the near - death experience .
The most logical guess is that consciousness shares the same fate as that of the corpse .
Convinced that science had dealt STD a deathblow , many doctors simply lost interest in studying it .
The dead human loses both his life and his consciousness . . . .
A spokesman for the Greater New York Blood Program told Awake !
Not all researchers , however , espouse this theory .
“ During this vision that I had , I couldn’t see myself but I was standing on something high because down below me there was just the most beautiful , greenest pasture . . . .
God , though , cannot be blamed for these ailments .
It is the AIDS victim , however , who suffers the real anguish .
So they warned that upon cutting the piece of land through to make the canal , the waters of the Gulf of Corinth would pour into the Saronic Gulf , inundating the area and blotting out nearby islands .
What a versatile commodity !
Has this been the case with those ministers representing the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society , Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
Interestingly , the resolution of this world conference of churches did not express recognition of God’s Kingdom as the only means to bring lasting life and peace .
The sword was a good argument , when the tongue failed . ”
Instead of three to seven hours to cross the Atlantic , it took two to three weeks .
The apostle Paul at least partially credits Timothy’s great love of God’s Word to this training .
Designed to alleviate the problems of world hunger , it accomplished much good during its first 20 years of activity .
So what can you as a parent do to help your children ?
They were accused of “ the offense of unlawfully , feloniously and wilfully causing insubordination , disloyalty and refusal of duty in the military and naval forces of the United States of America . . . [ by ] distributing and publicly circulating throughout the United States of America a certain book called ‘ Volume VII .
Since this is so , we have to ask the question : Whose “ kingdom ” really was represented by warriors such as Cortés and Pizarro ?
How is it prepared ?
And today some priests and nuns there promote a struggle with modern weapons for a “ theology of liberation . ”
“ The Food and Agriculture Organization’s 1965 assessment of the developing imbalance between the world’s population and its probable ability to feed itself revealed a situation that many considered serious if not , indeed , alarming . . . .
The Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society was watching developments in this field and entered phototypesetting when most of the problems had been worked out of the system .
Food Shortages ​ — An Evidence of What ?
A missionary of Jehovah’s Witnesses serving in Kenya observed : “ In most cases the parents have not had much or any schooling themselves and they do not read very well .
However , this attempt came to a halt when Nero had to return to Rome , where an insurrection broke out against him .
A series of drying steps remove the remaining water .
Giving us reason for hope , however , he explained that these food shortages would be an evidence that “ deliverance ” was “ getting near . ” ​ — See Luke 21 : 7 , 11 , 28 .
Added to natural or synthetic rubber , china clay not only brings down the cost but also increases the mechanical strength and resistance to abrasion .
Jehovah’s Witnesses are now the second largest religion in Italy , with over 115,000 active Christians associated with about 1,600 congregations ​ — yes , stronger than ever !
But what about material your child may be taught in school ?
In the ancient world Corinth was renowned .
In contrast , there are now over 107,000 active Witnesses in the Federal Republic of Germany , plus thousands more under ban in the German Democratic Republic .
“ The priests accompanying the early expeditions righteously destroyed temples and idols , and denounced heathenism ; wholesale conversions began when missionaries arrived from Spain . . . Indians accepted baptism with great zeal . ”
Today that same magazine is called Awake ! , the very publication you are reading .
Pizarro then completed the conquest of the Inca Empire .
Because there were now many congregations of Jehovah’s Witnesses in the area covered by the station , and they were able to give a more effective person - to - person witness by calling at the homes of the people .
Who Was Behind the Attack ?
Atahualpa negotiated with Pizarro for his release .
Then how have they been able to survive and prosper ?
Today , the world’s most productive china - clay pits are in Cornwall and Devon , England .
Where and How Formed
One ex - prisoner , who suffered at the Buchenwald concentration camp , stated : “ The working hours were sixteen per day , Sundays and week - days alike .
The year 1884 was special for several reasons .
To the contrary ​ — in 1970 they were reluctantly given legal recognition .
The Council’s Executive Director Maurice Williams was moved to say : “ I wish I could say I had hope for the future , but I fear that we are headed for a period of permanent food crisis in Africa . ”
The scientific journal Bild der Wissenschaft comments : “ The determining factor does not seem to be the rate of population growth in itself but the failure of governments to pursue an adequate agricultural program . ”
For example , in a preliminary version , one statement read : “ But from the Christian stand - point reliance upon the threat and possible use of nuclear weapons is unacceptable as a way of avoiding war . ”
Another was Pedro de Valdivia , who headed south to conquer Chile and displace the Araucanian Indians .
For men and women generally , moderate drinking allows only small quantities of alcohol to reach the brain .
Do not take an entirely negative approach to your child’s reading .
The Canal Administration kindly provided us with details concerning the actual work of cutting the isthmus .
Thus the ships avoided the risks of circumnavigating the Peloponnese .
“ This Brood Will Be Exterminated ! ”
The God of the Bible answers . “ ‘ Any weapon whatever that will be formed against you will have no success , and any tongue at all that will rise up against you in the judgment you will condemn .
Those two books were going to mean a great change in my life and even a change of direction in my medical research work .
After Corinthia became a Roman province , Julius Caesar and , later , Caligula laid plans for cutting through the isthmus .
For example , you probably are aware that paper is made from wood pulp and other fibres .
As your youngsters make efforts to improve their reading , they will need much encouragement and commendation from you .
Stephen’s Church . Afterward Attorney General Johnson sent to Rev . Paterson for a copy of the publication .
Especially was there danger at the southernmost point of Peloponnese where bad weather and rough seas often are encountered at Cape Malea .
How many more millions are doomed to die before it can be solved ?
No loving parent wants his child to be out on the street at night with undesirables .
The small bands of conquistadores enlarged the empires of their homelands and , for the most part , reaped glory and gold for themselves .
Its fineness makes the paint spread easily and smoothly , and it helps to hold the colour pigments in suspension by preventing them from settling quickly to the bottom .
Apparently Timothy’s mother read the Scriptures to him even when he was an infant !
100 Years Old and Stronger Than Ever !
It is even used in some toothpastes , soaps , and cosmetics .
Early Proposals for a Canal
Thus , reading instruction during the first three grades is crucial . ”
The accompanying article discusses a historical example of such a “ Christian ” use of force . It contains some sobering lessons .
What relationship could there be between these two historical items ?
But in 1920 the Society decided to do its own magazine printing .
The next day I telephoned for the Witnesses to bring me more books that were advertised .
By dawn I was all excited because I had worked out a complete theory on the possible causes of leukemia .
Also not to be overlooked are so - called natural causes , like drought and flooding , which in 1981 were responsible for reducing an estimated 14 million Chinese to emergency rations .
Some have found their children , supposedly asleep , reading pornographic material under the covers by flashlight .
The fact that these publications are produced in scores of different languages for worldwide distribution is the cause of some unusual typesetting problems . ”
Hence , even today , Brazil speaks Portuguese , while the major part of the rest of South and Central America speaks Spanish .
Do you have such books in your home ?
The coast of modern - day Brazil , when it was discovered , was found to lie in the Portuguese section of the world .
With it , there is hardly anything one cannot learn .
In 1978 , over ten years later , the problem persisted .
This has applied to Jehovah’s Witnesses not just in Nazi Germany but all around the world ​ — because they have stood by Christ’s principles and example .
Do you ?
But I never dreamed that books written for 10 - to 12 - year - olds would contain such language .
It is , however , right to fight as we did during the second world war . ”
They said : “ We must obey God as ruler rather than men .
Some of these clergymen went about to owners of apartment houses and tried to induce the owners to dispossess tenants who are members of the International Bible Students Association . . . .
But this has not been without violent opposition from religious and political enemies .
He added : “ Naturally , as a Christian I am against all wars .
What are some of the highlights of its history ?
In the 100 years that have elapsed since December 13 , 1884 , has this Bible Society effectively fulfilled its chartered purpose to preach the gospel of God’s Kingdom to all the nations ?
He boldly denounced and refuted the Trinity doctrine , the immortal soul and eternal hellfire teachings .
Do you remember his reaction on the night he was arrested when the apostle Peter tried to protect him with a sword ?
Then the ruler himself arrived with more than 3,000 of his men ​ — all unarmed except for small clubs and slings .
And yet , as the Britannica Book of the Year 1966 revealed , the basic situation did not change .
Rather , the “ evangelists ” themselves become corrupted .
The miracle of life continues to be a source of fascination and amazement , and the enigma of death now has its concrete answers ​ — death is the wages that sin pays . ​ — Romans 6 : 23 .
For example , in 1959 the Ministry of the Interior in Spain gave the following instructions to the General Director of Security regarding the activities of Jehovah’s Witnesses : “ Consequently , and for the purpose of radically stopping the further development of the evil described , Your Excellency should send a circular [ to all Police Headquarters ] . . . in which you should order , not just the simple vigilance of these activities , but the adoption of measures that would result in their being stamped out . ” ​ — Italics ours .
Do You Know What Your Children Read ?
If so , what are the reasons why they have been persecuted ?
[ Picture on page 13 ]
But I will be happy to lose that line of work . Thus , like my friend in the introduction to my story , I , too , now entertain the hope of never having to die ! ​ — As told by Dr .
I wanted to find the root cause of the illness , and from there , the cure .
